PEPTCOMP
Estimates of the Components of Resident Population Change: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2017 

(X) Not applicable.


[1] Total population change includes a residual. This residual
represents the change in population that cannot be attributed to any
specific demographic component. See Population Estimates Terms and
Definitions at 
http://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/about/glossary.html.


[2] Net international migration for the United States includes the international migration of
both native and foreign-born populations. Specifically, it includes: (a) the net international
migration of the foreign born, (b) the net migration between the United States and Puerto
Rico, (c) the net migration of natives to and from the United States, and (d) the net movement
of the Armed Forces population between the United States and overseas. Net international
migration for Puerto Rico includes the migration of native and foreign-born populations
between the United States and Puerto Rico.


Note: The estimates are based on the 2010 Census and reflect changes to the April 1, 2010 population due to the Count Question Resolution program and geographic program revisions. See Geographic Terms and Definitions at  http://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/guidance-geographies/terms-and-definitions.html for a list of the states that are included in each region and division. All geographic boundaries for the 2017 population estimates series except statistical area delineations are as of January 1, 2017.  The Office of Management and Budget's statistical area delineations for metropolitan, micropolitan, and combined statistical areas, as well as metropolitan divisions, are those issued by that agency in July 2015.  For population estimates methodology statements, see  http://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/technical-documentation/methodology.html.


Suggested Citation: 
Estimates of the Components of Resident Population Change: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2017 
Source: U.S. Census Bureau, Population Division 
Release Dates: For the United States, regions, divisions, states, and Puerto Rico Commonwealth, December 2017.  For counties, metropolitan statistical areas, micropolitan statistical areas, metropolitan divisions, and combined statistical areas, March 2018.


